[REIN] All right,
are you guys prepared?
'Cause we're gonna go into
the mine and check things out.
We should probably assume
they know we're here already.
You're right.
But how could they
possibly know that?
Looks like they've got an eye in
the sky watching us right now.
[GROUP]
Huh?
[REIN] The movements
of that bird earlier...
...lead me to believe...
[REIN] ...there's a beast
tamer among them.
[ADVENTURER 9C] We sent those
guys out there a long time ago.
Think something happened?
They got beat.
Uh? What now?
[BEAST TAMER 9A] Well,
we can't afford to be exposed.
So we'll crush them!
[GROUP grunts]
Please, stay alert.
[gasps]
[GROUP gasps]
Are you ready?
We've gotcha covered, guys!
[BOTH grunt]
They blocked it?
Just try it again!
We'll keep them safe.
Yep! Let's show Rein
what we're made of...
...so we get tons of
those sweet head pats!
[ADVENTURER 9A]
What are they doing?
[ADVENTURER 9B]
They nullified our spells!
[SORA, RUNA chuckles]
Heh.
Come on!
Nice try!
[ADVENTURER 9C gasps]
Amazing!
Took 'em out quickly!
[KANADE chuckles]
Hey, Rein, are we almost done?
Yeah.
He's all that's left.
Damn it. Just who the hell
are you idiots, anyway?
[REIN] What if I told you
I was doing a job for Gantz?
[BEAST TAMER 9A grunts]
That old snake?
We've caught you red-handed.
You're done here.
No way! We won't stop!
[grunts]
[BEAST TAMER 9A groans]
Just turn yourself in.
Never. I'm not gonna
give up that easily,
not until that crooked old dwarf
gets what's comin' to him!
Behemoth, come to me!
[KANADE gasps]
[TANIA]
That can't be good.
[GROUP gasps]
[chuckles]
[TANIA]
A behemoth.
I'm pretty sure that's
a B-ranked monster.
How'd he tame such a creature?
I thought that they were
naturally hostile toward humans,
no matter who it is.
To tame a monster like that,
he would need both an
exceptional magical ability
and level of skill.
I found it when it was still
young and raised it myself
if you really wanna know
how I tamed this thing.
So it doesn't have a shred
of hostility towards me,
and I didn't need
that exceptional
magical ability or skill.
Get 'em, behemoth!
I don't want anyone left alive!
Look out!
[GROUP gasps]
That's a problem.
The entire cave might
collapse around us!
[REIN grunts]
Wait, no!
[KANADE]
I've got it.
We need to get 'em outta here!
Are you ready?
We are! Yes. All right,
you two, let's go!
[RUNA grunts]
[REIN]
Hm.
Good luck, Rein!
Go, and don't stop
till he's dead!
[roars]
[rumbling]
I'll watch these guys.
Purr-fect, you're the best!
[REIN gasps]
Crap.
Attack!
[BEHEMOTH roars]
[REIN gasps]
Hi, did you miss meow?
I did! Thank you!
What a relief!
Where is everyone?
[KANADE] They're outside keeping
an eye out on our prisoners.
So I thought I'd come
in here and help!
Let's kick their butts together!
No.
Let me take care
of the behemoth.
While I do that,
you capture the beast tamer.
[KANADE]
Hm?
[REIN] The monster's
following his orders.
The fastest way to end this
is to force him to call it off.
Can you do it for me?
Yeah! Of course!
All your strategizing
won't save you.
I can't let word get out
that we were the
ones stealing the ore.
Which means...
all of you gotta die!
[BEHEMOTH roars]
[REIN, KANADE grunt]
[REIN]
The behemoth is strong,
but its attacks are
simple and predictable.
Now that I've observed its
moves, it won't hit me again.
[REIN] But... we're
running out of time.
The mine won't last much longer!
Fireball!
[REIN]
That didn't do much.
I need more power.
[KANADE]
Rein!
I caught the rat!
It's over!
It's time to call it off!
I'd rather die than give up!
Really, are you kitten me?
Ugh, just shut up!
Behemoth! Would you
kill this guy already?
[BEHEMOTH snarls]
[REIN grunts]
[REIN] There's only
one way to stop it now.
But can I do it?
Hurry!
[KANADE] You are not,
nor have you ever been useless!
If anything,
you're incredibly strong!
[REIN] I thought my
abilities were nothing special,
but she always
told me otherwise.
My friends taught me
that I was able to do things
no one else was capable of.
[REIN]
And I trust them.
Finish him!
[REIN]
I believe in my own strength!
[KANADE gasps]
Rein!
[BEHEMOTH roars]
What?!
Behemoth, what are you doing?
I told you to kill him!
What the hell? Why isn't he
ripping you up right now?
Uh?
[BEAST TAMER 9A gasps]
I made a new contract
and tamed it for myself.
In other words, I overwrote
your control of the behemoth.
What?
You overwrote his control?
[REIN] It's normally
impossible to steal control
from another tamer,
but I thought...
...if I'm really as strong
as my friends tell me,
then maybe I should
give it a real shot.
[KANADE] I've never heard
of anyone taking control
of someone else's tame.
Rein is really incredible!
[BEAST TAMER 9A]
There's no way.
You can't steal
someone's else's tame!
I'm a top-ranked beast tamer!
And I'm the one who found
this behemoth and raised it!
Get out there and fight!
I'm your master, not him!
Remember?! Go on,
rip him to shreds!
Don't provoke it!
You need to stop this, now!
Listen to me! Kill him!
Kill him already!
[roaring]
Uh?
[BOTH gasp]
[yells] Fireball!
[ALL gasp]
[KANADE grunts]
[sighs]
What have you done, huh?
Even with raising
the monster yourself,
you couldn't remove
all of its hostility.
[REIN]
It was barely under control,
and your own rage caused
it to go into a frenzy.
It's a shame, but I know
this was the only way.
Rein.
[REIN] We interrogated
the other ore thieves,
and found that they
had one thing in common--
they'd all bought
weapons from Gantz.
But the ones they bought were
the shoddy display models,
and when other adventurers
started giving them
a hard time about the
quality of their gear,
they decided to get back at
him by stealing his mithril,
so he couldn't make
any more weapons.
And with it, his pride
and soul as a craftsman.
That's why they
stole my ore, huh?
It is.
[GANTZ]
That's hard to hear.
[GANTZ] By putting my
own weapons on a pedestal,
I decided that the average man
wasn't worthy enough
to wield my wares.
I should make all my weapons
with the same passion,
regardless of the buyer.
And yet, I chose to be
dishonest with my weapons
and my customers by
judging so harshly.
I am an utter failure
as a craftsman.
[REIN]
Yeah, you might be.
Me-ow?
Whoa. Easy, there!
[REIN]
So, make it right.
But how?
All of us make mistakes.
Now, you acknowledge it
and move on
by putting your passion
back into your weapons.
With the incredible
talent that you have,
and the love of the craft,
I know you can make it right.
[GANTZ gasps] I can't believe a
youngster less than half my age
is comforting me in my own shop.
Oh, whoops. Sorry to overstep.
[GANTZ]
No, you really opened my eyes!
From now on,
I'll be more honest with
my customers and my blades.
It'll be a fresh start.
I'll work harder
than I have my entire life!
Oh, man, look at him
all cheered up and ready!
A wonderful ending, indeed!
[GANTZ]
As a token of gratitude,
I'll start by
crafting you a weapon.
What would you like?
I know I want a dagger and
a gauntlet if you're able.
[GANTZ]
Oh? Just those two, eh?
You sure that's all you want?
Yeah! And, if you wouldn't mind,
I have a small idea for you.
[REIN whispers]
[GANTZ]
Well, that's quite an idea!
[REIN]
Right?
Give me some time
and I'll make it so.
Yeah, sure thing.
So I was just thinking that now
might be a good time
to relax, friends.
How does that sound?
[ALL]
Sounds wonderful!
[ARIOS]
You failed.
[ADVENTURER CANDIDATE 9A gasps]
No, please wait.
Why would you say that?
I meet all the requirements
on your recruitment listing.
Why did I fail?
I need to know, please!
Well, first of all, you
claimed to be a beast tamer,
but you can only tame one
creature at a time, right?
Explain how you expect to
run our supply line
with one little beast.
And apparently, you have
no useful combat abilities.
Hiring you is out
of the question.
I'm telling you,
I'm really a beast tamer!
I can tame a powerful
creature like a bear,
a wolf, or even
something like a bird,
or a monkey to fight for me
in combat when I need to!
[ARIOS]
I see.
But can you tame
ultimate species, or what?
[gasps] Of course, I can't tame
an ultimate species, sir!
That's not something
anyone can do.
It's impossible;
why would you even ask that?
Because, if you can't,
you're nowhere as good as him.
[ADVENTURER CANDIDATE 9A]
"Him"?
You must be a capable fighter
as well as provide support
for our supply line.
Those are our minimum
requirements.
So, I'm afraid you don't meet
our desired qualifications.
Therefore, you failed.
[ADVENTURER CANDIDATE 9A]
I'll just be going, then.
[ARIOS]
Next.
Well, that was
the last applicant.
What an absolute bust.
Why is everyone so
worthless around here?
[MINA] It's a shame
he turned that man away.
He more than met the
requirements for a support role,
and he wasn't the only one.
Throughout this process,
we've had numerous competent
hopefuls interview for the job.
And he can't help but
compare them all to Rein.
Meanwhile, we're just sitting
here, our journey stalled.
Will we ever defeat
the Demon King?
[ARIOS]
Hm.
[MINA]
Excuse me, sir.
You think maybe your search
criteria is too strict?
Mina, are you suggesting that
your leader's judgment
is mistaken?
[MINA]
No, of course not.
With Rein gone,
he's taking out his
frustrations on everyone,
myself included.
But I must endure.
As a servant of God,
it is my sworn duty.
Yes, because he
is the chosen hero!
No, sir. I would never
question your divine wisdom.
You're right.
I suppose we'll
just have to hang out
in the city a little
longer than we expected.
It's possible Leane and Aggath
might find a good candidate.
True, indeed.
We don't want to
rush things, after all.
You know, I'm sure you're
worn out from these interviews.
Why don't you take a small rest?
[MINA]
Thank you, sir.
I hope that when the time comes,
you'll rest as well.
You're on an important
mission to save the world--
you'll certainly need it.
[ARIOS sighs]
Save the world, she says? Heh.
[ARIOS] Before I do that, I've
got another task to complete.
I must use this ring...
[ARIOS]
...to put an end to Rein!
[NATALIE]
Rein!
Why, hello there!
Any questions today, or
did you just wanna see me?
Well, I, uh, did have
a question for ya.
What happened to those
ore thieves earlier?
The ones that Gantz
hired you to stop?
They were stripped of
their adventurers' licenses
and sentenced to manual labor.
[grunts] Don't you
think that's kinda harsh?
For ore theft
and monster taming?
Those are major crimes,
and they had
other offenses, too.
Doesn't sound harsh to me.
I see.
[BOTH gasp]
[SORA]
Rein!
How'd it go?
The thieves were
harshly punished.
Oh.
Listen, there was never
any doubt in my mind
that you did the right thing.
If you hadn't
killed that behemoth,
many innocent civilians
could have been hurt.
Yeah. Plus, we got the mithril
back and made Gantz happy.
Everything just worked out.
You know, I guess
you're both right!
Thanks, you two!
[BOTH chuckle]
How about we go for
a walk before heading back?
--Yes, please!
--Me, first, me!
Oh, man, this is
so much fun! Huh?
They're ready to go!
[RUNA]
Rein! What're those tiny logs?
Oh, those? They're hot dogs.
--[SORA] What's a hot dog?
--[RUNA] Sounds kinda gross.
Well, it's just a
sausage on a bun.
You can add a little ketchup
if ya like and eat it!
Uh, What is "sausage"?
"Ketchup," huh?
[REIN laughs]
Hey, you want one?
[RUNA, SORA]
Of course!
Mm!
So what do you think?
[SORA, RUNA grunting]
All right. I'll ask you later.
[RUNA gasping]
What have I done?
I completely lost control,
and now it's all gone!
[SORA cries] I wish I had
savored it a bit more!
It's all right--we can
come back if you like!
Are you serious?
Oh, yeah, with Kanade
and Tania next time.
--[SORA] Of course!
--[RUNA] For sure!
Hah, hah. Can't hardly wait
to rub it in their faces
that they missed out!
Runa!
Oh, no!
We almost forgot!
We were curious about
something and wanted to ask you!
Huh? What's up?
[RUNA] What kinda new
abilities did you receive
through your contract with us?
[REIN]
Abilities?
[SORA]
Your physical prowess heightened
after bonding with Kanade.
[REIN grunts]
[SORA]
Your magic power increased
by contracting with Tania.
[REIN]
Fireball!
So, you had to get
some sorta super boost
through your
contract with us, too!
[SORA] Well, do you
feel different in any way?
[REIN]
Hmm.
[SORA, RUNA gasp]
[REIN]
Hmm...
Can't really say that I do.
[BOTH gasp]
Not in the slightest?
Do you at least
feel more magical?
That's kinda the
fairy specialty.
Nope.
That's odd, but perhaps
he's learned a few
of the many spells in our
advanced magical repertoire!
Oh, yeah! That's it!
You know, I wouldn't be
surprised if he's received
access to our
ultimate magic now!
Yes! Indeed!
Ultimate magic?
[RUNA]
Yeah!
It's more powerful than
advanced or epic magic,
and we fairies are the
only ones that can use it!
It's the ultimate magic!
Although we're unable
to use it just yet...
...there's a good chance
you can now, can't you?
[SORA]
What do you think?
[RUNA] Has the
foundation for the spells
you learned appeared
in your mind?
Sorry, I can't think of any
new spells at the moment.
[SORA, RUNA sigh]
[REIN]
What's wrong?
It seems our contract has left
our master empty and giftless.
We're a couple'a
undesirable, worthless nobodies!
We may be failed familiars!
Oh, we are failed familiars!
Whoa! You're not
failures at all!
[REIN] I'd never
judge my friends based on
contracts or abilities.
Even if you guys didn't
give me a new, big boost,
I will always treasure
having you as companions.
So please, no more talk
about being failures.
Can I ask you,
is there a reason you put so
much of your faith in us?
Huh?
[SORA]
Even our village,
the ones we tried to
protect had abandoned us.
[RUNA] And, I mean,
how could you blame them?
We messed up pretty bad, so it
makes sense that they would.
[SORA]
It's sad to think about.
But you chose
to take us with you!
Kanade and Tania are strong.
Our last job showed
us that, plain as day.
You already have companions
with unparalleled strength,
but you still act
like you need us.
We really wanna know
why you want us here!
Oh, all right! I guess
I'd better tell you, then.
[REIN]
You remember me saying
that I was kicked out
of the hero's party?
[SORA] Yes, they fired you
without so much as a warning.
[REIN] I've been
thinking about it ever since,
wondering why it
didn't work out.
Well, why didn't it?
[REIN]
It wasn't entirely their fault.
I didn't trust them either.
Trust, you say?
At the start of our adventure,
I didn't have any
confidence in myself at all.
Maybe I was just
afraid of Arios,
worried that the hero
might say he didn't need me.
So I worked as hard
as I could to be useful,
but they still let me go.
It was a pretty lonely party
now that I think about it.
You know,
maybe if I put more trust
in them back in those days,
some things might
have been different.
That's simply untrue!
Come on, they're
totally the bad guys!
Maybe. It's not like I
can go back in time, anyway.
Plus, right now,
I've got some new friends
that I want to spend time with,
and I want to work hard
to earn their trust.
[RUNA]
And... what about the two of us?
[REIN chuckles]
Do you see us as
your friends, too?
Yeah! I do!
[RUNA, SORA gasp]
[REIN]
You're both precious to me
and I cherish your friendship,
even if we don't
share an ability.
That's wonderful.
I accept your answer.
What about you?
Yep!
All that sappy talk about loss
and friendship made me hungry!
I wanna eat again!
[SORA]
Huh?
But you ate a delicious
hot dog mere minutes ago!
There's never enough hot dogs!
That's fine. Let's round up both
the girls and eat some lunch!
[SORA, RUNA]
Best day ever!
Let's get goin'!
You might trip if
you don't slow down.
[RUNA cackles]
[REIN] Seems like
they're back to normal now.
Thank goodness.
Excuse me. You there.
[GROUP]
Huh?
[RUNA gasps]
[EDGAR]
What are your names, girls?
[RUNA]
Why do you wanna know our names?
[EDGAR]
I asked you a question.
Do not make me repeat myself.
Sora.
I'm Runa.
[EDGAR]
Ooh. What fine names you have.
Sora and Runa.
You look decent as well.
And twins?
My, you'd make rather
fruitful company.
[chuckles] I like you.
Yes! I shall deign
to make you both mine!
[ALL]
Huh?
[KANADE] Next Time:
"Darkness in Horizon."